Update_RBACdoc_armaha (#63205)
Azure/azure-content: articles/postgresql/howto-hyperscale-create-users.md

# Create users in Azure Database for PostgreSQL - Hyperscale (Citus)

Learn how to create users in Azure Database for PostgreSQL - Hyperscale (Citus).

> [!NOTE]

> > _Users_ refers to users in a Hyperscale (Citus) server group. Hyperscale (Citus) doesn't support role-based access control (RBAC). For more information, see [RBAC in Hyperscale PostgreSQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/postgresql/postgresql-hyperscale-security-baseline#31-maintain-an-inventory-of-administrative-accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Users_ refers to users in a Hyperscale (Citus) server group. Hyperscale (Citus) doesn't support role-based access control (RBAC). For more information, see [RBAC in Hyperscale PostgreSQL](postgresql-hyperscale-security-baseline.md#31-maintain-an-inventory-of-administrative-accounts).
```

Reviewer: When linking to neighboring files, use relative .md links.

> [!NOTE]
> The term "users" refers to users within a Hyperscale (Citus)

> > server group. Hyperscale Citus doesn't support role based access control , to know more see [RBAC in Hyperscale Postgresql](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/postgresql-hyperscale-security-baseline#31-maintain-an-inventory-of-administrative-accounts)

Reviewer 2: Two terminology changes:

* Hyperscale Citus → Hyperscale (Citus)
* Hyperscale Postgresql → Hyperscale (Citus)

And two miscellaneous changes:

* Remove space before comma
* Remove `/en-us` from docs link (so it can detect the visitor's language

Reviewer: @aravindmahadevan-ms please take a look to make adjustments based on Joe's feedback. There is an SLA so please act fast if you plan to keep using the public repo.

Reviewer 3: @jonels-msft - I made the requested revisions (and added an introductory sentence, per the CG PR quality criteria).
